https://www.zhihu.com/question/34907211

推荐Full Stack Python 有各种python资源汇总，从基础入门到各种框架web应用开发和部署，再到高级的ORM、Docker都有。
以下是Full Stack Python 上总结的一些教程，我拙劣的翻译了以下，并调整（调整顺序并删了部分内容）了一下：

1、无开发经验，初学python如果你不会其他语言，python是你的第一门语言：A Byte of Python （简明python教程，这个有中文版简明 Python 教程）
是非常好的入门教程。Learn Python the Hard Way （Zed Shaw的免费教程，个人强烈推荐）Python, Django and Flask教程： 
Real Python （收费，需购买）short 5 minute video 解释了为什么你的出发点应该是要完成什么项目，或者解决什么问题，
而不是为了学一门语言而去学一门语言。Dive into Python 3 是一本开源的python教程，提供HTML和PDF版。Code Academy 有一个为纯新手准备的 
Python track 。Introduction to Programming with Python 介绍了基本语法和控制结构等，提供了大量代码示例。
O'Reilly 的书 Think Python: How to Think Like a Computer Scientist 是非常好的入门教材。Python Practice Book 是一本python练习的书，
帮你掌握python基本语法。想通过做实际项目来学编程？看看这个 this list of 5 programming project for Python beginners
（5个适合python初学者的编程项目）。Reddit的创造者之一写了一个教程，如何用python构建一个博客网站（use Python to build a blog.），
使非常好的web编程入门。The fullstack python的作者写了一篇关于如何学习python的文章learning Python 。

2、有开发经验 ，初学PythonLearn Python in y minutes ，让你在几分钟内快速上手，有个大概了解。Python for you and me ， 
python的语法，语言的主要结构等，还包含来Flask Web App的教程。The Hitchhiker’s Guide to PythonHow to Develop Quality Python Code ，
如何开发高质量的python代码

3、进阶The Python Ecosystem: An Introduction ， 关于python生态系统，虚拟机、python包管理器pip、
虚拟环境virtualenv、还有很多进阶主题The Python Subreddit ，就是python的reddit节点（相当于中国的贴吧），是一个活跃的社区，可以交流讨论，
解决问题等。Good to Great Python Reads ，收集进阶和高级python文章，讲了很多细微差异和python语言本身的细节。博客 Free Python Tips ，
有很多python和python生态系统的文章。Python Books ，有一些免费的Python, Django, 数据分析等方面的书。Python IAQ: Infrequently Asked 
Questions ，关于python 经常问到的问题。

4、视频，屏幕录像，演示文稿等一些技术交流会议的视频录像： best Python videos

5、python的包awesome-python ，收集了python各种非常好用非常酷的包，确实非常awesome，让作者相见恨晚（ I wish I had this page when 
I was just getting started）。easy-python

6、 播客（Podcasts）Talk Python to Me ， 关注使用python的人们和组织，
每一期都会邀请一些开发者谈谈他们的工作等。Podcast.__init__ ，关于python和让python更牛B的人们。

7、新闻资讯（可订阅）Python Weekly ， 
最新的python文章、视频、项目、资讯 。PyCoder's Weekly ，和python weekly类似。

Import Python以下是引用的原文：New to programming If 
you're learning your first programming language these books were written with you in mind. Developers learning Python 
as a second or later language should skip down to the next section for "experienced developers".To get an introduction 
to Python, Django and Flask at the same time, consider purchasing the Real Python course by Fletcher, Michael and Jeremy.
This short 5 minute video explains why it's better to think of projects you'd like to build and problems you want to solve 
with programming. Start working on those projects and problems rather than jumping into a specific language that's 
recommended to you by a friend.CS for All is an open book by professors at Harvey Mudd College which teaches the 
fundamentals of computer science using Python. It's an accessible read and perfect for programming beginners.If you've 
never programmed before check out the Getting Started page on Learn To Code with Me by Laurence Bradford. She's done an 
incredible job of breaking down the steps beginners should take when they're uncertain about where to begin.Learn Python the 
Hard Way is a free book by Zed Shaw.Dive into Python 3 is an open source book provided under the Creative Commons license 
and available in HTML or PDF form.While not Python-specific, Mozilla put together a Learning the Web tutorial for beginners 
and intermediate web users who want to build websites. It's worth a look from a general web development perspective.A Byte 
of Python is a beginner's tutorial for the Python language.Code Academy has a Python track for people completely new to 
programming.Introduction to Programming with Python goes over the basic syntax and control structures in Python. 
The free book has numerous code examples to go along with each topic.Google put together a great compilation of materials 
and subjects you should read and learn from if you want to be a professional programmer. Those resources are useful not 
only for Python beginners but any developer who wants to have a strong professional career in software.The O'Reilly book 
Think Python: How to Think Like a Computer Scientist is available in HTML form for free on the web.Python Practice Book 
is a book of Python exercises to help you learn the basic language syntax.Looking for ideas about what projects to use to 
learn to code? Check out this list of 5 programming project for Python beginners.There's a Udacity course by one of the 
creators of Reddit that shows how to use Python to build a blog. It's a great introduction to web development concepts 
through coding.I wrote a quick blog post on learning Python that non-technical folks trying to learn to program may find 
useful.Experienced developers new to PythonLearn Python in y minutes provides a whirlwind tour of the Python language. 
The guide is especially useful if you're coming in with previous software development experience and want to quickly grasp 
how the language is structured.Python for you and me is an approachable book with sections for Python syntax and the 
major language constructs. The book also contains a short guide at the end to get programmers to write their first Flask 
web application.Kenneth Reitz's The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Python contains a wealth of information both on the Python 
programming language and the community.How to Develop Quality Python Code is a good read to begin learning about 
development environments, application dependencies and project structure.Beyond the basicsThe Python Ecosystem: 
An Introduction provides context for virtual machines, Python packaging, pip, virutalenv and many other topics after 
learning the basic Python syntax.The Python Subreddit rolls up great Python links and has an active community ready 
to answer questions from beginners and advanced Python developers alike.Good to Great Python Reads is a collection 
of intermediate and advanced Python articles around the web focused on nuances and details of the Python language 
itself.The blog Free Python Tips provides posts on Python topics as well as news for the Python ecosystem.Python Books 
is a collection of freely available books on Python, Django, and data analysis.Python IAQ: Infrequently Asked Questions 
is a list of quirky queries on rare Python features and why certain syntax was or was not built into the language.Videos, 
screencasts and presentationsVideos from conferences and meetups along with screencasts are listed on the best Python 
videos page.Curated Python packages listsawesome-python is an incredible list of Python frameworks, libraries and software. 
I wish I had this page when I was just getting started.easy-python is like awesome-python although instead of just a 
Git repository this site is in the Read the Docs format.PodcastsTalk Python to Me focuses on the people and organizations 
coding on Python. Each episode features a different guest interviewee to talk about his or her work.Podcast.__init__ is 
another podcast on "about Python and the people who make it great".NewslettersPython Weekly is a free weekly roundup of the 
latest Python articles, videos, projects and upcoming events.PyCoder's Weekly is another great free weekly email newsletter 
similar to Python Weekly. The best resources are generally covered in both newsletters but they often cover different 
articles and projects from around the web.Import Python is a newer newsletter than Python Weekly and PyCoder's Weekly. 
So far I've found this newsletter often pulls from different sources than the other two. It's well worth subscribing to 
all three so you don't miss anything.
